You ask what makes this dark weep. Why he like others am not gay. What makes the tears roll down his cheeks
From early morn till close of day. The story dark as you shall hear For in my memory fresh it dwells. It will cause you all to drop a tear On the grave of my sweet, of my sweet Kitty Wells.
While the birds were singing in the morning The myrtle and the ivy were in bloom The sun on the hilltop was adorning It was then we laid her in the tomb. The springtime has no charm for me.
The flowers are blooming in the dell.
It's that bright form I do not see.
It's the form of my sweet Kitty Wells.
While the birds were singing in the morning.
The myrtle and the ivy were in bloom.
The sun on the hilltop was adorning, it was then we laid her in the tomb.
I never shall forget the day, we were both together on the dell.
I kissed her cheek and named the day that I would marry Kitty Wells.
But death came in my cabin door and took from me my joy and pride.
When I found she was no more, I laid my banjo down and cried.